#summary How to Install version 2.2
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =
My Google account was hacked just for the intent to remove these install directions. So here is a new write up just for you! I also included this within the download files as well. Jesus loves hackers too! Just don't delete what you don't understand. That's all we can ask for.. Right? :)

= Details =
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:

* 1  Download latest version of software via: http://bible.googlecode.com/files/bible-php-script-v2.2.zip

* 2 Extract the .zip file using a self-extractor such as WinZip.com. Once extracted you will have the following files and folder present:

__LINUX
  
__MACOSX

__SQL-Database

__UNIX

__WINDOWS

Developer.contact

GPL-License_v3.txt

Install-Help.txt

(The Linux, Macosx, Unix, and Windows folder are all the same software. However have been bundled specifically for each different serving operating system.)

* 3 Log onto your server and create a mysql database. you could use another db system such as MSSQL but you will need to comment that in the data\config.inc.php file later.

* 4 Upload (import) the bible.sql file into this new database on your server. (This file will self populate all sql tables, etc.)

(bible-php-script-v2.2\__SQL-Database\Import-2-SQL\bible.sql)

* 5 Edit the data\config.inc.php with your database details.

( This is an example: bible-php-script-v2.2\__WINDOWS\data\config.inc.php)

$dbHost="localhost";
$dbName="Your Database Name Goes Here";
$dbUser="Your Database Username Goes Here";
$dbPassword="Your Database Password Goes Here";

* 6 Edit the index.php file and add your Twitter account information. (This feature could be a security volunerbility if you dont intent for other to post actively on your Twitter account. Best method would be to setup a private Twitter account to be used with this software)

* 7 Upload all file to your server in binary mode. ( I use Filezilla, WS FTP, or Cute FTP)

* 8 That's it! Please report any bugs to me direct. 